aooka3/stage/stage4_boss.mp3||WITHIN DESTRUCTION - ALONE (GMV)
aooka3/stage/stage3_thread.mp3||Eddy Pradelles - Mechanics
aooka3/stage/stage3_end.mp3||Famous Last Words - Broken Glass
aooka3/stage/stage4_thread_2.mp3||Famous Last Words - Brothers In Arms
aooka3/stage/stage4_thread_1.mp3||Famous Last Words - Council of the Dead
aooka3/stage/stage4_start.mp3||Our Hollow, Our Home - Burn In The Flood
aooka3/stage/stage4_end2.mp3||Fit For a King - Breaking the Mirror
aooka3/stage/stage4_end.mp3||From Ashes to New - Breaking Now
aooka3/stage/stage3_start.mp3||Imy - Countdown
aooka3/stage/stage3_kaf.mp3||KAF - Soshite Hana Ni Naru
aooka3/stage/stage3_boss.mp3||Counterattack - Xenoblade Chronicles 2 OST [008]
aooka3/stage/stage2_thread.mp3||Papa Roach - Not Listening
aooka3/stage/stage2_start.mp3||Into The Abyss - Maritumix
aooka3/stage/stage2_kaf.mp3||KAF - Wasurete Shimae
aooka3/stage/stage2_end.mp3||Papa Roach - Done With You
aooka3/stage/stage2_boss.mp3||Jay Price - One Man Army
aooka3/stage/stage2_ball.mp3||Imy - Recall
aooka3/stage/stage1_start.mp3||Thomas Bergersen - Starvation
aooka3/stage/stage1_kaf.mp3||KAF - Hissei yo
aooka3/stage/stage1_end.mp3||Sorrow - Miyazaki Makoto(One Punch Man OST)
aooka3/stage/stage1_boss.mp3||Brynhildr in the Darkness - Opening 1