music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_1_16-66.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_2_5-56_last_5-27.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_3_32-10_last_32-63.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_4_28-72_last_28-95.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_5_5-57.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_6_17-32_last_17-41.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_7_14-61.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/fmusic_8_15-25.mp3||Resident Evil 2 OST - Escape From Laboratory (Epic Metal Cover)
music/luffaren_crazykart/judgement.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Prize (4th to 8th place)
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_battle.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Choco Mountain
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_battle_star.mp3||Mario Kart Double Dash!! OST - Battle Stage Shine Crown
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_menu.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Select Screen
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_race_won.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Winning Results
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_race_wonz.mp3||F-Zero GX OST - Victory Lap
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_1.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - 3 Raceways & Wario Stadium
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_1_fast.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - 3 Raceways & Wario Stadium
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_2.mp3||Mario Kart 8 OST - GCN Baby Park
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_2_fast.mp3||Mario Kart 8 OST - GCN Baby Park
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_3.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Frappe Snowland & Sherbet Land
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_3_fast.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Frappe Snowland & Sherbet Land
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_4.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Bowser's Castle
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_4_fast.mp3||Mario Kart 64 OST - Bowser's Castle
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_7.mp3||Mario Kart: Double Dash!! OST - Mushroom Bridge/City
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_7_fast.mp3||Mario Kart: Double Dash!! OST - Mushroom Bridge/City
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_8.mp3||Mario Kart: Double Dash!! OST - Rainbow Road
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_8_fast.mp3||Mario Kart: Double Dash!! OST - Rainbow Road
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_9.mp3||F-Zero GX OST - Mute City
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_9_fast.mp3||F-Zero GX OST - Mute City
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_10.mp3||Nachito ft. Shogane - spin attack!
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_10_fast.mp3||Nachito ft. Shogane - spin attack!
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_11.mp3||F-Zero GX OST - Fire Field
music/luffaren_crazykart/music_stage_11_fast.mp3||F-Zero GX OST - Fire Field
music/luffaren_crazykart/omar_finale_music.mp3||Pendulum - Propane Nightmares