music/npst/ze_npst_music_0.mp3||Turboslash - Streetfire
music/npst/ze_npst_music_0bis.mp3||Turboslash - Data_collapse
music/npst/ze_npst_music_1.mp3||Turboslash - Memory Reset
music/npst/ze_npst_music_1bis.mp3||Perturbator - Diabolus Ex Machina
music/npst/ze_npst_music_1bis2.mp3||Turboslash - GodMode Domination
music/npst/ze_npst_music_2.mp3||Carpenter Brut - Sexkiller on the Loose
music/npst/ze_npst_music_2bis.mp3||Perturbator - Neo Tokyo
music/npst/ze_npst_music_3.mp3||Carpenter Brut - Run, Sally, Run!
music/npst/ze_npst_music_3bis.mp3||Turboslash - Rush!
music/npst/ze_npst_music_4.mp3||Carpenter Brut - Turbo Killer
music/npst/ze_npst_music_6.mp3||Carpenter Brut - Roller Mobster
music/npst/ze_npst_music_6bis.mp3||Perturbator - The Cult of 2112
music/npst/ze_npst_music_7.mp3||Turboslash - Phantom, Carpenter Brut - You're mine, Carpenter Brut - Division Ruine
music/npst/ze_npst_music_7bis.mp3||Turboslash - Echoes, Turboslash - Neurohack, Turboslash - Legend
music/npst/ze_npst_music_8.mp3||Noisecream - Neon Murder
music/npst/ze_npst_music_8bis.mp3||Noisecream - Brilliant
music/npst/NihiBattle/ze_npst_music_nihilanth_1.mp3||LudoWic - Delusive Bunker
music/npst/NihiBattle/ze_npst_music_nihilanth_2.mp3||LudoWic - Delusive Bunker
music/npst/NihiBattle/ze_npst_music_nihilanth_3.mp3||LudoWic - Delusive Bunker
music/npst/NihiBattle/ze_npst_music_nihilanth_4.mp3||LudoWic - Delusive Bunker
music/npst/NihiBattle/ze_npst_music_nihilanth_5.mp3||LudoWic - Delusive Bunker